---
layout: post
title: The Terminal
categories: [writings, news]
plugin: intense
---

I rarely talk about my life here, partly for privacy reasons, also
because I don't care reading such articles when I visit someone's
website and I assume most people don't. The only reason I need to
write is that I have to stay awoken for a while and writing here will
keep my mind occupied.

## From Kista to Skavsta

Having left Kista Alléaväg at 15:10, it was almost night but not
totally because of the snow: darkness doesn't belong here even in the
middle of the night, the lights of the city are reflecting the falling
snow resulting in a dark orange sky. Streets are empty, we are Sunday
and most people decided that it was better not to fight with the cold
wind today.  But there I am, in this strange atmosphere, with my 15kg
luggage and my laptop's bag, moving in the dunes of snow like a Fremen
(hopefully not for too long). I arrive at the station of Kista and
take a metro in direction of the center of Stockholm.  30 minutes
later, I'm in the caves of T-Centralen, and go to the place where
buses are going to airports.  T-Centralen is a big place, with many
entrances, trains, buses and snacks everywhere. It reminds me Charle
de Gaulle's station in Paris, without the sound of hobos playing
music.

I hadn't checked for departures time and I have to wait for
almost three hours to get a bus to go to Skavsta. Neverwind, I was
fearing not to find any buses because of the snow, waiting 3 hours
here or at the airport won't affect me more. T-Centralen is
crowded, but much less than other days. I already had my ticket for
the bus so I find an empty bench and start reading for a while.
At 19:00 I'm in the bus for one hour and a half, I try hard to
sleep without success. The night is going to be long...

## The terminal 1

20:30, I'm in the terminal and have to wait for about 11 hours before
my flight to Paris at 7:25. I have some books to read, but I quickly
give up and start to code a few stuff with coffee and a salad that
worth one tenth of what I've paid (I guess its price is a constant in
all airports). Time keeps on going slowly.  I use to switch from
reading and coding without any goal: next time I'll try to prepare
real stuff to do, but I don't have Internet for now so I can't find
something useful. At 3:30, I decide to walk for a while and have a
look at some screen that are in the main entrance. "Paris beauvais -
7h25: Cancelled".  Fuck.

I still have some hope, maybe the flight will be derived to Lille or
something. Now I have to wait 2 hours before the opening of the
desk. I don't remember what happened during this lap of time, maybe
I've made something awful that my subconscious wants me to
forget. 5:30, finally someone to talk to.  To sum up: I have to wait
24 hours for another flight to Paris.  I'm so borred and tired that my
expression might be not far from the one of a vegetable in a micro
wave with some aluminium foil. I don't have much money to stay here,
the guy's told me that everything would be refunded, but I guess my
train in Paris wont. I have to go back home. Hopefully buses are
really well organized here, I only have to wait for less than half an
hour to be in one. The bus is really warm, and I'm thinking of the
cold room that is waiting for me (I shutted down the electricity
before leaving, which was perfectly making sense then), that's
probably the reason that kept me awoken.

## Back to square one

It's 7:30 and I'm in T-Centralen, the crowd of people happy to take a
flight to enjoy xmas with their family has been replaced by commuters
going to work. I really don't belong here, I'm a zombie in the middle
of fresh and enthousiastic people. I'm totally demotivated, empty of
any emotion. Kista, finally. I don't know what could be worse at that
point: even if something really bad happened, I wouldn't have any
reaction. As expected, I take a cold shower, buy new tickets for the
train, and for the bus. I go to the university to print them, and
decide that it could be a good idea to eat something even if I'm not
hungry. I don't have food in the appartment, I had prepared everything
for this departure and scheduled the necessary amount of food to
survive before the trip. So I go to Mac Donalds, for the first time in
the last three months.  This time I'll try to take a night bus, I
don't think I'll survive another night like this, considering the
trains that I have to take once in France. I'm so tired now that I can
easily resynchronize (or so I hope).

## The terminal 2

2:00 AM, I wake up after a one hour snap, I go to the metro station
which is closed... Fortunately, there's a bus going to T-Centralen in
3 minutes, I run to take it and I feel very lucky once in it: there's
one bus like this per hour, my adventure could have stopped here.  In
the bus, I meet 3 Indians from KTH who are also going to Paris and are
in the same flight. We arrive at T-Centralen at 3:30, where a huge
line is waiting for buses going to Skasta. We have to wait for about
45 minutes before being in a bus, I really hope that the bus wont be
delayed because of the snow: the flight is at 7:15, and because of my
luggage, I have to be there before 6:30, so if there is a huge line,
I'll miss it.

Murphy's law: there's a traffic jam before a bridge, and the bus has
to wait.  Hopefully, 15 long minutes later, the jam is opening. We
arrive at the airport at 6:05, it's crowded, and many buses are
arriving, so I rush with my luggage in a line to drop my bag. 5
minutes later, the line is ten times its original size: and here again
I feel very lucky as I only have to wait for about 20 minutes. Then,
there's a long line for the security check, but it seems to be very
effective and fast, 30 minutes later, I'm in front of the gate.  The
flight seems to be a little delayed, I'm really fearing to see it
cancelled. 20 minutes later, I'm in the plane, not far from a 2-years
old kid that is really over-angry, I won't be able to sleep. The
flight is being prepared to fight against snow with some strange
liquid ; one hour later, the flight takes off and I'm relieved :-).

## France, finally

It's not cold, there's some snow but far less than in Sweden.  The
airport is quite far from Paris (Paris Beauvais), and I take a bus
with one of the Indian guy and with a Brazilian guy who is here for
christmas. I help him with some french words which he'll need during
his trip ("Please", "Thanks", and "I can haz beer" :-)).  At 13:00, we
are in the center of Paris (Porte Maillot), from there I have to take
a RER and a metro to go to Montparnasse. I had forgotten the ambiance
in the metros and RERs, and strangely I feel a bit nostalgic. The end
of the trip is without suprises, 4 hours of train and I'm home at half
past 19, more than 50 hours after my original departure.
